We're going to use ingredients a lot in our application.
So having a model for it makes sense.
Now where do we store this ingredient model.
We store the recipe model in the recipes folder because it belongs there.
Feature wise but where does the ingredient model belong to.
Well I believe it belongs in a new folder the shared folder which I'm going to create in the app folder
share is fitting name for this folder because it will contain features or elements of our app which
are shared across different features like the ingredient which we're going to use bells and a shopping
list and the recipes section.
So here are create a new file and this file will be named ingredient dog model dot TS in there.
I will export a class named ingredient and here we will basically define how Ingredion should look like.
Now how should it look like it should have a name Zool. publicly available which is a string and an
amount.
So how many items of that type should we have.
So maybe.
Amount here which would be of type number.
Now in the constructor and we of course want to be able to receive that as arguments name and amount
and then as a sign that you're asked before so this name E-Class name and this amount equals amount.
Now that is such a typical set up that we receive the arguments you want to assign in the constructor
and that instantly assign them that typescript offers a shortcut.
We can't get rid of the declaration of our properties up here and get rid of the content in the body
of the constructor and simply add an access or in front of the property name here so public in front
of both arguments.
What that will do is behind the scenes it will create the same effect we have put forward.
So it will automatically give us properties with the names we specify here as argument names so name
and amount.
In this case and that will automatically assign the values we receive in the constructor to these newly
created properties.
So nice and convenient shortcut.
With that we defined how Ingredion should look like.
Now we can use a shopping list component.
Let's do this in the next lecture.